today I have a brief tutorial for you
guys on how to speed up your desk
movement a lot faster so they run
smoother and doesn't land as much so
first off we're gonna run and go into
the Google search bar and type in Def's
mume dsm waiter right here i've already
downloaded it so i'm gonna go ahead and
open it and it's gonna pop up like this
go ahead and go full screen so you can
see everything alright so first of all
you want to do is just go here to config
alright so make sure that you can copy
each of these settings and get me to
show you all right first thing you're
going to want to do is go to frame step
and put it down that's four go ahead and
click on fourth and then if that is too
fast for you you can click limit fine
right which will slow it down to the
respectful pace and the normal thing
that's supposed to be going to okay next
thing is the animation settings you're
gonna want to uncheck everything here
and you're going to want to leave check
or check it's dynamic rate compiler and
right here I have mine at a hundred and
as it'll say right here a hundred equals
the fastest and a one is the best
graphics so it should be default on a
hundred so you can just leave it there
and it's ours so the next one is really
nothing in 3d settings but if you do go
here you're gonna want to change it to
whatever is too soft rasterizer
are you a soft rasterizer and we want
uncheck all of this so then it's just
checked enabled textures and an able on
deck alright next thing we didn't want
to do is go to firmware settings and
this is what this is basically you can
change everything like to customize your
just move name there so everything is
what you like
alright microphone settings you can
click that if have a microphone yeah and
then so down here is advanced the same
type you can just leave that on auto
detect and that'll be good for you on
display method just have a direct draw
our HW checked background and put really
nothing there you can want to leave that
unchecked and then fur control key you
it doesn't really matter it's not like
there's a certain set up that makes it
run faster run slower so you can just
put this to whatever you like it to be
and that will help you out
okay and so yeah that's basically how to
make your desk boom a run a lot faster
and smoother and so yeah make sure to
leave a like if this video helped you
comment what else you'd like to see and
click that big fat subscribe button
either above or below right now so that
you can get instant updates whenever I
upload a new video so thanks for
watching and I'll see you guys